Quality Policy Statement
DMMMSU envisions to become globally competitive university. To attain its vision, the University commits to:
Deliver quality service in instruction, research, and extension in compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements; Develop employee competencies, creativity, empowerment, and accountability through innovative programs, strong management engagement, and commitment; and achieve high level of clientele satisfaction

Quality Objectives
The University aims to:
Increase the percentage of board passers to 38 percent and employment rate of graduates to 40 percent at the end of the year;
Increase the percentage of research outputs and publications to 27 percent;
Increase the percentage of approved research proposals to 10 percent;
Increase the percentage of extension services to 95 percent;
Comply with applicable statutory/regulatory requirements to 100 percent;
Implement the Faculty and Staff Development Plan;
Improve utilization of machines/equipment;
Improve budget utilization rate to 95 percent; and
Achieve at least 80 percent client satisfaction.

Core Values
Service to our stakeholders
Productivity with passion for work
Excellence in our programs through scholarly undertakings
Commitment in delivering our mandates
Innovation towards attaining operative systems, breakthroughs, and milestones
Advocacy in transforming lives
Leadership for transformation, empowerment, and sustainable development

Graduate Attributes
DMMMSU aims to produce highly competent, specialized, and globally competitive professionals.
This is operationalized into graduate attributes that should be attained by the time students will graduate from the university.
Professionally competent. Exemplify the competencies and values required of their professions
Committed and responsible leader. Demonstrate professional, social, and ethical responsibility consistent with their roles as local and global citizens
Effective communicator and collaborator. Communicate effectively and work in multi-disciplinary teams
Critical thinker and innovator. Use relevant information and research drawn facts in rendering sound decisions and developing insights for new knowledge
Reflective lifelong learner. Engage in lifelong learning for continuous professional development
Responsible environment steward. Manage a sustainable environment promoting peace and prosperity for mankind